Salute I beg you
I'm willing to drink as much as I can make money
Please give me a chance.
I beg you, wizened
A wry smile
No.
Manager I beg you
My brother is still ill.
I really need the money
I beg you to give me a chance
Hey, everyone here says that about him
But this face
Not bad, so be it
Try it for a few days
If you don't do it well, get out of here immediately
I'll do well elf
Brothers to be punished
This time I borrowed 50 million
Half as much as me with interest.
Get out of my way
You immortal
If you can't pay the loan shark
You fucking take me
Can you stop for two more days?
Brother Wang, this is my favorite vase of Peanut Sword
I beg you not to touch him
Why go so far
I can't do it in two days.
How about this?
Let your daughter tonight
How about being happy with me?
Ahaha, what are you taking? Do it, Dad.
Dad?
Ah!
Ah dad
Don't scare me, okay?
Dad, please save me first
Marry me again
Ha ha.
Lao Tzu, hold on
They overdose, they have a heart attack.
We've cleaned it up.
Ready to die
If the clouds were the sky
Let's go
Doctor? Is there a doctor?
Ah!
Grandpa grandpa
Doctor? Is there a doctor?
After diagnosis
Your brother is confirmed to have acute leukemia
Arrange for your brother to be hospitalized ASAP